what she feared most wasn't the words
what she couldn't manage were the spaces
between the words the silence
[Music]
Kahraman skateboard Nutella Zealand of
abetik Canseco condone tawdry septic hip
nerdcore computer cursor diversity
it was in the quiet
[Music]
in the moments alone that she could see
herself most clearly
I am of two parts divided
stranger Halle and family so damn at
dealing with me mother never said that
under the same roof
one-eye rushes forward fearlessly
another questions everything
[Music]
you're not scared are you
maybe
[Music]
we said that I could tell you
something's going on
[Music]
sharing the same blood you'd know the
consequence talking over each other I
didn't do anything
seeking to be understood
a cacophonous sound
that is the head in the heart
[Music]
you